# Tweet-phrase-extraction-and-prediction
 Today we see many tweets circulating over Twitter feeds. With so many tweets circulating, at times it becomes difficult to determine whether the sentiment behind a specific tweet by a user will positively impact a company, or a person's brand for being viral (positive), or negatively impact the company by losing the shareholder confidence because it strikes a negative tone. Thus, it is important to understand the sentiment behind a certain message or a tweet. In this project we have decided to analyze these tweets for their sentiments. The tweets are classified into three labels namely positive, negative, and neutral and we have to analyze the tweet and determine the phrase or the word that is responsible for the associated sentiment label. The dataset on which we will be performing this predictive analysis on is retrieved from one of the featured Active Kaggle competitions. [3]     The tweet sentiment extraction dataset consists of four columns, namely text ID, text, sentiment, and lastly selected text. Each row of the dataset consists of text of a tweet and an associated sentiment label. Furthermore, in the training dataset we are provided with a word or a phrase that is drawn from the tweet itself, named ‘selected text’ that encapsulates the sentiment provided. The description of each of these columns is as given below. Text ID -An unique ID, that identified each piece of text text - the text description or the text of the tweet sentiment - the general sentiment of the tweet selected_text - the text that supports the tweet's sentiment(this attribute is available in train data set alone) .
